README.md, before:

# Steve SMP S5 Reloaded

## Versions

- Java 17
- Minecraft `1.19.2`
- Quilt Loader `0.18.1-beta.18`
- Quilted Fabric API `4.0.0-beta.21+0.67.0-1.19.2`

## Mods

### Require update/changes

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/createplus>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/create-crystal-clear-fabric>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/cccbridge>

### Untested

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/accurate-maps>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/spice-of-fabric>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/fabrication>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/microcutting>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/easy-anvils>
- <http://modrinth.com/mod/easy-magic>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/half-doors>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/dramatic-doors>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/boring-default-game-rules>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/u00a7>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/death-finder>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/colorfulanvils>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/campanion>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/dungeon-difficulty>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/iwant2tryhards-shortbows>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/convenient-name-tags>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/nostalgia-revived>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/arrowpopper>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/wta>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/amethyst-tools>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/warden-tools>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/copper-tier>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/emerald-tier>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/piercing-paxels>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/mythicmetals>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/tool-leveling>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/allisultimatetools>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/simple-durability-tooltip>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/piercing-paxels>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/wunderreich>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/diamold>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/steel>
- <https://github.com/henkelmax/status>
- <https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/berdinskiybears-armor-hud>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/fabrishot>

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/crashbrander>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/itemswapper>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/origins-minus>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/switchy>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/untill>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/interdimensional-map-markers>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/slot-cycler>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/plenty-of-armors>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/illagers-love-armor>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/armortweaks>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/oops-all-armor>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/more-geodes>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/incombustium>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/recipe-commands>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/consolemc> Might be dangerous to add.

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/structure-compass>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/better-respawn>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/chat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/player-tracking-compass>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/regional-chat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/betterteamchat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/stendhal>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/advancedchatbox>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/weirdchat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/custom-player-models>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/cpmsvcc>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/player-pronouns>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/styledplayerlist>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/player-events>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/offline-player-cache> PlayerEx uses the offline player API this mod provides to pull offline players' stats
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/bettermod> No clue what some of these features are exactly, will need to test
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/tabtps>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet-fixes>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/blanket>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/reacharound>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/displaycase>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/bettercommandblockui>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/structure-tools>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/emicompat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/beaconoverhaul>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/red-bits>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/logic-gates-fabric>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/mining-gadgets-fabric>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/automobility>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/camp-fires-cook-mobs>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/biome-technologies>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/scannable>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/yardwork>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/earlygame>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/minecells>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/betterend>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/betternether>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/harvest-scythes>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/banilla-claws>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/endium>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/gildedarmor>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/immersive-paintings>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/yigd>

Music

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/moremusic>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/iam-music-player>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/menumusic>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-music-updated>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/mixtape>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/keepthatmusic>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/start-the-music>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/vibes>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/disco>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/ost-overhaul>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/playlist>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/tsg_modulardiscs>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/audioplayer>

Tech

- <https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/techreborn>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/cc-restitched>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/allium-peripherals>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/enhancedquarries>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/advanced-reborn>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/disenchanter>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/fwaystones>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/furc>

Blocks/decorations

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/all-block-variants>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/led>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/half-doors>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/tempered-glass>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/excavated_variants>

UI

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/megane>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/why-am-i-on-fire>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/timetolive>

Optimisation

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/bedrodium>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/lmd>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/noxesium>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/moreculling>

Server

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/status-changer>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/server-side-replay-recorder>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/invview>

### Testing

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/luckperms>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/styled-nicknames>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/styledplayerlist>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/holograms>

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/no-chat-reports>

### Rejected

| Name          | Author(s) | Link                                                                     | Slug          | Rejection reason                                                                               |
| ------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Illuminations |           | [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/illuminations) | illuminations | Merging with [Effective](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/effective), discontinued |
| Arrows Info   |           | [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/arrows-info)   | arrows-info   | Disabled CurseForge API, can't be downloaded using Packwiz                                     |
| Raised        |           | [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/raised)                              | raised        | Doesn't work well with Inventory Profiles Next                                                 |
| Auto HUD      |           | [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/auto-hud)      | auto-hud      | Doesn't work with JourneyMap/Advanced Compass, seems to be causing lag spikes                  |
| Whipdashing   |           | [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/whipdashing)   | whipdashing   | Isn't configurable enough, default keybindings conflict with vanilla and PlayerEx keybinds     |

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/vanity-splash-text> DashLoader internal error <https://github.com/rdvdev2/vanity-splash-text/issues/4>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/morecommands> Crashes with LazyDFU
- <https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ping-fabric> Not updated to 1.19.2
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/canimation> Crashes due to mixin inject failure
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/whipdashing> Clunky to use, keybindings aren't all rebindable and conflict with PlayerEx
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/factions> Crashes due to mixin inject failure

### Accepted

Generated using `packwiz list`, should be equal to the contents of the `mods/` folder.

- 3D Skin Layers
- Ad Astra!
- Advanced Compass
- Applied Energistics 2
- Amecs
- Any one of us
- AppleSkin
- Applied Energistics 2 Wireless Terminals
- Architectury API
- Areas
- Arrow Popper
- Axes Are Weapons
- Bad Wither No Cookie - Reloaded
- bad packets
- Better Animations Collection
- Better Combat
- Better Ping Display [Fabric]
- Blast Travel
- Block Runner
- Block Meter
- Blur (Fabric)
- Bobby
- Botarium
- Brainier Bees
- Break Free
- Concurrent Chunk Management Engine (Fabric)
- Chat Heads
- Chat Signing Hider
- Chime
- Chunky
- Clean Logs
- Cloth Config API
- Collective
- Combat Roll
- Compass Commands
- Connectible Chains [Fabric]
- Continuity
- Cosmetic Armor
- Create Fabric
- Creeper AI Updated
- Custom LAN
- DashLoader
- Data Attributes
- Debugify
- Detail Armor Bar
- Distant Horizons
- Dynamic FPS
- Eating Animation [Fabric]
- Enhanced Block Entities
- EditSign
- Effective 💦
- EMI
- Emotecraft
- Enhanced Weather
- Entity Collision FPS Fix
- EntityCulling
- ExtraSounds
- Fabric Language Kotlin
- FallingTree
- FastAnim
- Fastload
- FerriteCore
- First-person Model
- Forge Config API Port
- ForgetMeChunk
- Indium
- Inventory Profiles Next
- InvMove
- JourneyMap Integration
- JourneyMap
- Krypton
- KubeJS
- LambdaBetterGrass
- LambDynamicLights
- Language Reload
- Lanyard
- LazyDFU
- Lithium
- Loading Screen Tips
- Main Menu Credits
- Memory Leak Fix
- ME Requester
- microDurability
- MidnightLib
- MinimalMenu
- Mod Menu
- Nbt Crafting
- NoRecipeBook (Fabric)
- NoRefreshScroll
- Not Enough Animations
- SomeOrdinaryTweaks
- Patchouli
- Path under fence gates
- Perfect Accuracy
- physics-mod
- Pingspam
- playerAnimator
- PlayerEx
- Presence Footsteps
- Puzzle
- Puzzles Lib
- Quilted Fabric API (QFAPI) / Quilt Standard Libraries (QSL)
- Quilt Loading Screen
- Realistic Sleep
- Reese's Sodium Options
- RelicEx
- Repurposed Structures - Quilt/Fabric
- Resourceful Lib
- Rhino
- Jukebox Particles
- Nicer Portals
- Pickup Notifications
- Satin API
- Scout
- Secret Rooms
- Server Chat History
- Simple Voice Chat
- Simply Swords
- Skip Transitions
- Slider ClickSoundFix
- Smooth Boot (Fabric)
- Sodium Crash Fix
- Sodium Extra
- Sodium Shadowy Path Blocks
- Sodium
- Sound Physics Remastered
- Spiders Produce Webs
- Sprint O' Meter
- Starlight (Fabric)
- Suggestion Provider Fix [Fabric]
- Telepistons
- Terra
- Timestamp Chat
- Tinkerer's Smithing
- ToolTipFix
- Trinkets
- Unofficial Sodium Biome Blending Fix
- Visual Workbench
- Voice Chat Interaction
- Weaker Spiderwebs
- YDM's Weapon Master
- WTHIT
- YetAnotherConfigLib
- Zoomify

Commit message:

feat: :sparkles: Add LuckPerms Placeholder API integration for Styled chat and Styled Player List, update Simple Voice Chat config, update Quilt Loading Screen config

README.md, after:

# Steve SMP S5 Reloaded

## Versions

- Java 17
- Minecraft `1.19.2`
- Quilt Loader `0.18.1-beta.18`
- Quilted Fabric API `4.0.0-beta.21+0.67.0-1.19.2`

## Mods

### Require update/changes

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/createplus>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/create-crystal-clear-fabric>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/cccbridge>

### Untested

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/accurate-maps>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/spice-of-fabric>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/fabrication>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/microcutting>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/easy-anvils>
- <http://modrinth.com/mod/easy-magic>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/half-doors>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/dramatic-doors>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/boring-default-game-rules>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/u00a7>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/death-finder>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/colorfulanvils>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/campanion>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/dungeon-difficulty>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/iwant2tryhards-shortbows>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/convenient-name-tags>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/nostalgia-revived>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/arrowpopper>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/wta>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/amethyst-tools>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/warden-tools>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/copper-tier>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/emerald-tier>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/piercing-paxels>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/mythicmetals>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/tool-leveling>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/allisultimatetools>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/simple-durability-tooltip>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/piercing-paxels>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/wunderreich>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/diamold>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/steel>
- <https://github.com/henkelmax/status>
- <https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/berdinskiybears-armor-hud>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/fabrishot>

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/crashbrander>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/itemswapper>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/origins-minus>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/switchy>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/untill>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/interdimensional-map-markers>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/slot-cycler>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/plenty-of-armors>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/illagers-love-armor>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/armortweaks>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/oops-all-armor>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/more-geodes>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/incombustium>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/recipe-commands>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/consolemc> Might be dangerous to add.

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/structure-compass>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/better-respawn>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/chat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/player-tracking-compass>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/regional-chat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/betterteamchat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/stendhal>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/advancedchatbox>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/weirdchat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/custom-player-models>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/cpmsvcc>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/player-pronouns>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/styledplayerlist>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/player-events>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/offline-player-cache> PlayerEx uses the offline player API this mod provides to pull offline players' stats
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/bettermod> No clue what some of these features are exactly, will need to test
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/tabtps>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/carpet-fixes>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/blanket>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/reacharound>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/displaycase>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/bettercommandblockui>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/structure-tools>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/emicompat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/beaconoverhaul>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/red-bits>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/logic-gates-fabric>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/mining-gadgets-fabric>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/automobility>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/camp-fires-cook-mobs>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/biome-technologies>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/scannable>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/yardwork>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/earlygame>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/minecells>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/betterend>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/betternether>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/harvest-scythes>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/banilla-claws>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/endium>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/gildedarmor>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/immersive-paintings>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/yigd>

Music

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/moremusic>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/iam-music-player>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/menumusic>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-music-updated>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/mixtape>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/keepthatmusic>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/start-the-music>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/vibes>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/disco>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/ost-overhaul>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/playlist>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/tsg_modulardiscs>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/audioplayer>

Tech

- <https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/techreborn>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/cc-restitched>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/allium-peripherals>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/enhancedquarries>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/advanced-reborn>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/disenchanter>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/fwaystones>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/furc>

Blocks/decorations

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/all-block-variants>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/led>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/half-doors>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/tempered-glass>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/excavated_variants>

UI

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/megane>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/why-am-i-on-fire>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/timetolive>

Optimisation

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/bedrodium>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/lmd>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/noxesium>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/moreculling>

Server

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/status-changer>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/server-side-replay-recorder>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/invview>
- <https://docs.papermc.io/velocity>

### Testing

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/luckperms>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/styled-chat>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/styledplayerlist>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/holograms>

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/no-chat-reports>

### Rejected

| Name          | Author(s) | Link                                                                     | Slug          | Rejection reason                                                                               |
| ------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Illuminations |           | [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/illuminations) | illuminations | Merging with [Effective](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/effective), discontinued |
| Arrows Info   |           | [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/arrows-info)   | arrows-info   | Disabled CurseForge API, can't be downloaded using Packwiz                                     |
| Raised        |           | [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/raised)                              | raised        | Doesn't work well with Inventory Profiles Next                                                 |
| Auto HUD      |           | [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/auto-hud)      | auto-hud      | Doesn't work with JourneyMap/Advanced Compass, seems to be causing lag spikes                  |
| Whipdashing   |           | [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/whipdashing)   | whipdashing   | Isn't configurable enough, default keybindings conflict with vanilla and PlayerEx keybinds     |

- <https://modrinth.com/mod/vanity-splash-text> DashLoader internal error <https://github.com/rdvdev2/vanity-splash-text/issues/4>
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/morecommands> Crashes with LazyDFU
- <https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ping-fabric> Not updated to 1.19.2
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/canimation> Crashes due to mixin inject failure
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/whipdashing> Clunky to use, keybindings aren't all rebindable and conflict with PlayerEx
- <https://modrinth.com/mod/factions> Crashes due to mixin inject failure

### Accepted

Generated using `packwiz list`, should be equal to the contents of the `mods/` folder.

- 3D Skin Layers
- Ad Astra!
- Advanced Compass
- Applied Energistics 2
- Amecs
- Any one of us
- AppleSkin
- Applied Energistics 2 Wireless Terminals
- Architectury API
- Areas
- Arrow Popper
- Axes Are Weapons
- Bad Wither No Cookie - Reloaded
- bad packets
- Better Animations Collection
- Better Combat
- Better Ping Display [Fabric]
- Blast Travel
- Block Runner
- Block Meter
- Blur (Fabric)
- Bobby
- Botarium
- Brainier Bees
- Break Free
- Concurrent Chunk Management Engine (Fabric)
- Chat Heads
- Chime
- Chunky
- Clean Logs
- Cloth Config API
- Collective
- Combat Roll
- Compass Commands
- Connectible Chains [Fabric]
- Continuity
- Cosmetic Armor
- Create Fabric
- Creeper AI Updated
- Custom LAN
- DashLoader
- Data Attributes
- Debugify
- Detail Armor Bar
- Dynamic FPS
- Eating Animation [Fabric]
- Enhanced Block Entities
- EditSign
- Effective 💦
- EMI
- Emotecraft
- Entity Collision FPS Fix
- EntityCulling
- ExtraSounds
- Fabric Language Kotlin
- FallingTree
- FastAnim
- Fastload
- FerriteCore
- First-person Model
- Forge Config API Port
- ForgetMeChunk
- Indium
- Inventory Profiles Next
- InvMove
- Iris Shaders
- JourneyMap Integration
- JourneyMap
- Krypton
- KubeJS
- LambdaBetterGrass
- LambDynamicLights
- Language Reload
- Lanyard
- LazyDFU
- Lithium
- Loading Screen Tips
- LuckPerms
- Main Menu Credits
- Memory Leak Fix
- ME Requester
- microDurability
- MidnightLib
- MinimalMenu
- Mod Menu
- Nbt Crafting
- No Chat Reports
- NoRecipeBook (Fabric)
- NoRefreshScroll
- Not Enough Animations
- SomeOrdinaryTweaks
- Patchouli
- Path under fence gates
- Perfect Accuracy
- physics-mod
- Pingspam
- playerAnimator
- PlayerEx
- Presence Footsteps
- Puzzle
- Puzzles Lib
- Quilted Fabric API (QFAPI) / Quilt Standard Libraries (QSL)
- Quilt Loading Screen
- Realistic Sleep
- Reese's Sodium Options
- RelicEx
- Repurposed Structures - Quilt/Fabric
- Resourceful Lib
- Rhino
- Jukebox Particles
- Nicer Portals
- Pickup Notifications
- Satin API
- Scout
- Secret Rooms
- Simple Voice Chat
- Simply Swords
- Skip Transitions
- Slider ClickSoundFix
- Smooth Boot (Fabric)
- Sodium Crash Fix
- Sodium Extra
- Sodium Shadowy Path Blocks
- Sodium
- Sound Physics Remastered
- Spiders Produce Webs
- Starlight (Fabric)
- Styled Chat
- Styled Player List
- Suggestion Provider Fix [Fabric]
- Telepistons
- Terra
- Timestamp Chat
- Tinkerer's Smithing
- ToolTipFix
- Trinkets
- Unofficial Sodium Biome Blending Fix
- Visual Workbench
- Voice Chat Interaction
- Weaker Spiderwebs
- YDM's Weapon Master
- WTHIT
- YetAnotherConfigLib
- Zoomify

## Notes

Specific and hard to find documentation that helped me make this modpack.

- <https://gist.github.com/arnokeesman/84411929a02f00b847d1b2cca30ebe18>
